# Open Voxel Standards

The Open Voxel Standards (OVS) are a set of open standards for use in
voxel based games, simulations, and other applications.  They are
licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any
later version published by the [Free Software Foundation].  Code
included in the the OVS also licensed under the GNU General Public
License, Version 3.0 or any later version published by the [Free Software
Foundation].  (See also [GNU Licenses](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/).)

## Licensing

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify the Open Voxel
Standards under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version
1.3 or any later version published by the [Free Software Foundation];
see individual standards for details regarding Invariant Sections,
Front-Cover Texts, and Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is
included in the section entitled ["GNU Free Documentation License"].

Reference implementations of Open Voxel Standards are free software: you
can resistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
General Public License as published by the [Free Software Foundation],
either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

Reference implementations of Open Voxel Standards are distributed in the
hope that they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even
the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with the Open Voxel Standards.  If not, see
<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

["GNU Free Documentation License"]: LICENSE.md
[Free Software Foundation]: https://fsf.org/
